hey yo what's up YouTube boy leading by
example and gonna waste no time I'm
gonna get right into it we have the
embellish y'all know about they burn
embellish their bellies ripped fennel
black little ripped flannel biker denim
in blue size forty some not smile
usually we're at 38 in any other jeans
mostly slim fitting jeans I usually get
a 38 or 40 depending on the brand gets
the size 40 man I know it's a lot of
dudes out there those may be wondering
they should get these jeans you know you
might be too scared to get them like I
was I was scared to purchase them
because I didn't want to waste my money
and maybe they be too small
oh yeah so here we go yeah you can say
these are the ones with that um that
flannel hint that flannel behind the
Jean you see the rips and everything
it's a nice quality Jean just our first
look at it yeah man they created oh I've
already tried them all
and they fit me I like the way they fit
man it's a nice fitting Jean they not is
definitely not as because skinny fitting
as I thought they were gonna be I like I
like the way they fit they fit me right
on top it's not they're super tight like
you wearing a skinny jean fit if that's
what your child was thinking it's not
that skinny jean fit it's like oh it's a
slim fit pant
I wasn't sure man I know I was looking
for YouTube videos dudes making me for
dude had a video on these jeans and a
size 40 most dudes of wear these kind of
changes real skinny slim dudes but yeah
I just wanted to do this folks
so people that was scared to get a size
40 in these embellished jeans man once
again this is the the ripped flannel
biker denim and blue didn't see any
hopefully just to help some of y'all out
man and by the way I am 511 about 225
I'm 5 were living in by 511 and a half
to 25
these fit me right on time and I was
really concerned about how they would
fit in the you know in the waist area
does that kind of guy dig but pause for
ado kind of thinking of that area so I
thought they would get kind of tight up
in there but they fit really good know
no matter what he fit they're nowhere
near as skinny as I thought that we're
gonna be there's slim fit skinny type
style but they're not hugging me by any
sense at all and when you try these on
like if you put your legs in when you
get these watch out for these flannel
pieces man because you can kind of sole
it in in here if you put your leg in too
fast you can probably yank that and you
can probably damage it so make sure your
leg is going behind that flannel part
cuz you can kind of miss it
and you can kind of expose your legs
right here a little bit I'm not sure how
that works on the inside when I first
put it on I missed it in my you can see
my leg through so don't yank that when
you're putting the jeans on make sure
you're careful with it begin man hope
this helps somebody up they fit good man
so dope red jeans really nice quality I
love the quality over really nice
quality her jeans and I know y'all like
the ball mount of all man jeans I can't
afford that so yes this is a nice
substitute it looks damn good
if y'all worry about thinking about what
the zipper look like it snaps right here
and on the hooks hooks right here
yeah man size 40 yeah I was curious this
video helped you out at all let me know
if you want me to do more on stuff like
this I also do a lot of sneakers do a
lot of sneakers and shit too man
different clothing brands I think I'm
gonna start doing this more often for
people no because I needed this but I
couldn't find it so I thought I'd doing
like I said I'd be kicked off so just
right here
got a pair of you know the real Aria
Katie joints for me if I be a best about
centimetres thing that's just one of
many trust me yeah rate subscribe
comment do all that stuff man that's my
first little video helped you out let me
know size forty embellish to rip flannel
by Kadena I example we up